2018-08-01 15:43:36 (ln1-pl-20)	  talked to diana about what albino could do, floated idea of reworking some components into our own custom lib
2018-08-01 15:44:58 (ln1-pl-20)	  reviewed many PRs and merged some

2018-08-03 11:39:54 (ln1-pl-20)	  talked to albino and designers about what he can do over the next month
2018-08-03 11:40:24 (ln1-pl-20)	  troubleshot a CORS networking issue with Mario
2018-08-03 14:55:49 (ln1-pl-20)	  talked to albino about our process

2018-08-06 14:21:08 (ln1-pl-20)	  talked to manuel about what progress we've made in the last 2 months
2018-08-06 14:21:29 (ln1-pl-20)	  tried to fix a socket bug that mario was exeperiencing
2018-08-06 14:22:06 (ln1-pl-20)	  reviewed current stories, and move a few into resolved
