color=on


color.active= white on black
color.blocked= white on black
color.blocking= white on black
color.burndown.done= white on black
color.burndown.pending= white on black
color.burndown.started= white on black
color.calendar.due= white on black
color.calendar.due.today= white on black
color.calendar.holiday= white on black
color.calendar.overdue= white on black
color.calendar.today= white on black
color.calendar.weekend= white on black
color.calendar.weeknumber= white on black
color.completed= white on black
color.debug= white on black
color.deleted= white on black
color.due= white on black
color.due.today= white on black
color.error= white on black
color.footnote= white on black
color.header= white on black
color.history.add= white on black
color.history.delete= white on black
color.history.done= white on black
color.label= white on black
color.label.sort= white on black
color.overdue= white on black
color.project.none= white on black
color.recurring= white on black
color.scheduled= white on black
color.summary.background= white on black
color.summary.bar= white on black
color.sync.added= white on black
color.sync.changed= white on black
color.sync.rejected= white on black
color.tag.fuck= white on black
color.tagged= white on black
color.tag.next= white on black
color.tag.then= white on black
color.tag.none= white on black
color.uda.priority.H= white on black
color.uda.priority.L= white on black
color.uda.priority.M= white on black
color.undo.after= white on black
color.undo.before= white on black
color.until= white on black
color.warning= white on black

color.alternate=on gray2

rule.color.merge=yes
rule.precedence.color=alternate
;rule.precedence.color=active,deleted,completed,keyword.,tag.,project.,overdue,scheduled,due.today,due,blocked,blocking,recurring,tagged,uda.
